Unity Package by Kenny Salazar

Programming, Art, Animation, UI, UX & FX by Kenny Salazar

Audio files by:

CJDeets
GunShots,Scifi » Shot,scifi,powerdown.wav by CJDeets of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/CJDeets/sounds/476740/
https://freesound.org/people/CJDeets/

JavierZumer
Familiar Game Jam Sounds » fire shot.wav by JavierZumer of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/JavierZumer/sounds/257234/
https://freesound.org/people/JavierZumer/

michorvath
20 gauge shotgun gunshot by michorvath of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/michorvath/sounds/427595/
https://freesound.org/people/michorvath/

IchBinJager
Shotgun Action by IchBinJager of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/IchBinJager/sounds/272068/
https://freesound.org/people/IchBinJager/

SuperPhat
Sniper Rifle by SuperPhat of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/SuperPhat/sounds/514228/
https://freesound.org/people/SuperPhat/

FilmmakersManual
Bolt Sliding Forward (4) - Sniper Rifle by FilmmakersManual of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/FilmmakersManual/sounds/522248/
Bolt Sliding Back (5) - Sniper Rifle by FilmmakersManual of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/FilmmakersManual/sounds/522252/
https://freesound.org/people/FilmmakersManual/

bolkmar
FX: RETRO VIDEOGAME SOUNDS » Pistol (magazine reload only) by bolkmar of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/bolkmar/sounds/455921/
https://freesound.org/people/bolkmar/

dustboxednorth
Magazine Fumble » MagazineClatter_01.wav by dustboxednorth of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/dustboxednorth/sounds/613704/
https://freesound.org/people/dustboxednorth/

jackyyang09
Generic Firearm Dryfire by jackyyang09 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/jackyyang09/sounds/467432/
https://freesound.org/people/jackyyang09/

martian
the mission gun foley gun shots » Foley bullet drop .wav by martian of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/martian/sounds/182222/
https://freesound.org/people/martian/

CeebFrack
shell load.ogg by CeebFrack of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/CeebFrack/sounds/108793/
https://freesound.org/people/CeebFrack/

rammbostein
12 Gauge Shell drop by rammbostein of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/rammbostein/sounds/436070/
https://freesound.org/people/rammbostein/

EpicWizard
Water - Paddle Strokes » Water_Paddle_impact_000.wav by EpicWizard of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/EpicWizard/sounds/316573/
https://freesound.org/people/EpicWizard/

JuanFG
Never Without My Denture » Button by JuanFG of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/JuanFG/sounds/471911/
https://freesound.org/people/JuanFG/

TheKnave
Coin & Currency Sounds » Taking Bill From Stack 5 by TheKnave of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/TheKnave/sounds/435608/
https://freesound.org/people/TheKnave/

plasterbrain
Hover 2 by plasterbrain of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/plasterbrain/sounds/237421/
https://freesound.org/people/plasterbrain/

Raclure
Game chimes » Cancel/miss chime, by Raclure of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Raclure/sounds/405548/
https://freesound.org/people/Raclure/

broumbroum
sf3-sfx-menu-select.wav, by broumbroum of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/broumbroum/sounds/50561/
https://freesound.org/people/broumbroum/

movingplaid
concrete_steps » concrete_step_1.wav by movingplaid of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/movingplaid/sounds/76187/
concrete_steps » concrete_step_2.wav by movingplaid of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/movingplaid/sounds/76188/
concrete_steps » concrete_step_3.wav by movingplaid of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/movingplaid/sounds/76189/
concrete_steps » concrete_step_4.wav by movingplaid of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/movingplaid/sounds/76190/
https://freesound.org/people/movingplaid/

LittleRobotSoundFactory
Voices - Robot » Robot2_16.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/316311/
Voices - Robot » Robot2_09.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/316306/
Voices - Robot » Robot1_18.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/316302/
Voices - Robot » Robot1_11.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/316295/
Horror Sound Effects Library » Jingle_Lose_00.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/270467/
Horror Sound Effects Library » Jingle_Win_00.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/270466/
Horror Sound Effects Library » Jingle_Achievement_00.wav by LittleRobotSoundFactory of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/270468/
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/

ShahruhAudio
Robotic Transformation » robotic transform 3.wav by ShahruhAudio of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/ShahruhAudio/sounds/336881/
Robotic Transformation » robotic transform 1.wav by ShahruhAudio of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/ShahruhAudio/sounds/336879/
https://freesound.org/people/ShahruhAudio/

VectorSpace
robotics » Robotic Transformer 1 by VectorSpace of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/VectorSpace/sounds/497617/
https://freesound.org/people/VectorSpace/

theguitarmanjp
Heavy Dinosaur Footsteps Jurassic Park Water by theguitarmanjp
https://freesound.org/people/theguitarmanjp/sounds/385013/
https://freesound.org/people/theguitarmanjp/

magnuswaker
Armory » Schwing 1 by magnuswaker of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/magnuswaker/sounds/524215/
Armory » Rocket Blast by magnuswaker of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/magnuswaker/sounds/540091/
Explosions » Explosion 1 by magnuswaker of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/magnuswaker/sounds/523089/
https://freesound.org/people/magnuswaker/

dotY21
Robot sounds » robot roar by dotY21 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/dotY21/sounds/277055/
https://freesound.org/people/dotY21/

deleted_user_4798915
Awesome Robotics Voices! » Robotic_Attack_00.wav by deleted_user_4798915 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/deleted_user_4798915/sounds/275231/
SFX Robotic Sounds And Quotes » SFX - Robotic - Take Me To Your Leader.ogg by deleted_user_4798915 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/deleted_user_4798915/sounds/294463/
https://freesound.org/people/deleted_user_4798915/

Sea Fury
Turbine Room.wav by Sea Fury of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Sea%20Fury/sounds/54638/
https://freesound.org/people/Sea%20Fury/

Julien Matthey
FX » JM_NOIZ_Laser 06.wav by Julien Matthey of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Julien%20Matthey/sounds/470933/
https://freesound.org/people/Julien%20Matthey/

derplayer
explosion_big_01.ogg by derplayer of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/derplayer/sounds/587194/
https://freesound.org/people/derplayer/

florianreichelt
Film Sounds/Movie Sounds » Fire Auto - car on fire by florianreichelt of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/florianreichelt/sounds/563765/
https://freesound.org/people/florianreichelt/

alexo400
SCI-FI_DOOR_2 by alexo400 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/alexo400/sounds/543654/
https://freesound.org/people/alexo400/

SoundsnapFX
Sledgehammer - using to break a block of concrete. by SoundsnapFX of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/SoundsnapFX/sounds/583964/
https://freesound.org/people/SoundsnapFX/

DaveOfDefeat2248
Space Station FX » station deep ambience.wav by DaveOfDefeat2248 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/DaveOfDefeat2248/sounds/323091/
https://freesound.org/people/DaveOfDefeat2248/

lerwickdj
lerwickdj_pads_soundscapes_2 » 16_ca_pads.wav by lerwickdj of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/lerwickdj/sounds/246154/
https://freesound.org/people/lerwickdj/

Mativve
Happy Sounds by Mativve » Electro win sound by Mativve of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Mativve/sounds/391539/
https://freesound.org/people/Mativve/

Daybreaker64
'Win' Video Game Sound Effect by Daybreaker64 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Daybreaker64/sounds/545207/
https://freesound.org/people/Daybreaker64/

Kastenfrosch
Verloren.mp3 by Kastenfrosch of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Kastenfrosch/sounds/162457/
https://freesound.org/people/Kastenfrosch/

felixyadomi
Jump Hop » hop8.wav by felixyadomi of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/felixyadomi/sounds/456374/
https://freesound.org/people/felixyadomi/

SilverIllusionist
Healing 1 (Crimson Respite).wav by SilverIllusionist of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/SilverIllusionist/sounds/518801/
https://freesound.org/people/SilverIllusionist/

waveplaySFX
[SFX] FX / ONESHOTS for EDM Pack 1 (Complete) » [SFX] Short Bassy Industrial Hit by waveplaySFX of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/waveplaySFX/sounds/402692/
https://freesound.org/people/waveplaySFX/

LorenzoTheGreat
System UI Sounds and Effects » Power Loss.wav by LorenzoTheGreat of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/LorenzoTheGreat/sounds/417791/
https://freesound.org/people/LorenzoTheGreat/

Jonathan Harford
Car Chirp High.wav by Jonathan Harford of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Jonathan%20Harford/sounds/116386/
https://freesound.org/people/Jonathan%20Harford/

nlux
nlux computer sounds » Computer Says No by nlux of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/nlux/sounds/623091/
https://freesound.org/people/nlux/

Natty23
Puff of Smoke by Natty23 of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/Natty23/sounds/257274/
https://freesound.org/people/Natty23/

bolkmar
FX: RETRO VIDEOGAME SOUNDS » Machine gun (ammo only) by bolkmar of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/bolkmar/sounds/455912/
https://freesound.org/people/bolkmar/

penisshit
Robot power off by penisshit of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/penisshit/sounds/501153/
https://freesound.org/people/penisshit/

stintx
Pistol-Reload.wav by stintx of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/stintx/sounds/107622/
https://freesound.org/people/stintx/

SamsterBirdies
Explosion/Bang/Boom » Explosion in a can by SamsterBirdies of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/SamsterBirdies/sounds/587887/
https://freesound.org/people/SamsterBirdies/

sqeeeek
sqeeeek_bell_ting1.wav by sqeeeek of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/sqeeeek/sounds/237106/
https://freesound.org/people/sqeeeek/

adcbicycle
Ding hits » 20.wav by adcbicycle of freesound.org
https://freesound.org/people/adcbicycle/sounds/13948/
https://freesound.org/people/adcbicycle/

Music by

Darren Curtis

Cruisin' of www.darrencurtismusic.com
Double Cobra Triple Dragon of www.darrencurtismusic.com
Trapped in the Mainframe of www.darrencurtismusic.com
Lost World of www.darrencurtismusic.com
